Final read A. Heinlein. (#79)
searhein/trilinos-paper: linear_solvers.tex

The Teko library~\cite{Cyr2016a} provides interfaces for operators and preconditioners that are constructed from large physics-based sub-blocks.
The sub-blocks are Thyra operators which are themselves often implemented using Tpetra matrices.

> Teko provides generic block preconditioning strategies such as $2\times2$ block-LU factorizations as well as Jacobi- and Gauss--Seidel-based preconditioners for any number of blocks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teko provides generic block preconditioning strategies such as $2\times2$ block-LU factorizations as well as block versions of Jacobi- and Gauss--Seidel-type methods for any number of blocks,
```
